Adding Azure.Identity.BrokeredAuthentication package (internals visible) (#26772)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/identity/Azure.Identity.BrokeredAuthentication/README.md

# Azure Identity Brokered Authentication client library for .NET

>  The library extends the Azure.Identity library to provide authentication broker support. It includes the necessary dependancies, and provides the `InteractiveBrowserCredentialBrokerOptions` class. This optoins class can be used to create an `InteractiveBrowserCredential` capable of using the sytem authentication broker in lieue of the system browser when available.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The library extends the Azure.Identity library to provide authentication broker support. It includes the necessary dependencies and provides the `InteractiveBrowserCredentialBrokerOptions` class. This options class can be used to create an `InteractiveBrowserCredential` capable of using the system authentication broker in lieu of the system browser when available.  
```

  [Source code][source] | [Package (nuget)][package] | [API reference documentation][identity_api_docs] | [Azure Active Directory documentation][aad_doc]

## Getting started

### Install the package

Install the Azure Identity client library for .NET with [NuGet][nuget]:

```PowerShell

> Install-Package Azure.Identity.BrokeredAuthentication

Reviewer: do we need `--pre-release`?

# Azure Identity Brokered Authentication client library for .NET
 The library extends the Azure.Identity library to provide authentication broker support. It includes the necessary dependencies, and provides the `InteractiveBrowserCredentialBrokerOptions` class. This options class can be used to create an `InteractiveBrowserCredential` capable of using the system authentication broker in lieu of the system browser when available.  

  [Source code][source] | [Package (nuget)][package] | [API reference documentation][identity_api_docs] | [Azure Active Directory documentation][aad_doc]

## Getting started

### Install the package

Install the Azure Identity client library for .NET with [NuGet][nuget]:

```PowerShell

> Install-Package Azure.Identity.BrokeredAuthentication -IncludePrerelease

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dotnet add package Azure.Identity.BrokeredAuthentication --prerelease
```
